Add isOrderable property to fields (#1988)
keystonejs/keystone: .changeset/six-fishes-give.md

---
'@keystonejs/app-admin-ui': minor
'@keystonejs/fields': minor
---

> Adds an `isOrderable` option to field configs that controls whether the field is sortable in the AdminUI.

Author: ```suggestion
Adds an `isOrderable` option to field implementation that controls whether the field is sortable in the AdminUI. Defaults to false and is set to true by sortable field types.

The `parseFieldAccess` method can now also be overwritten in the field implementation class.
```
